[new product] OpenVPN (#5237)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/openvpn.md

---
title: OpenVPN
category: app
iconSlug: openvpn
permalink: /openvpn
releasePolicyLink: https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions
changelogTemplate: https://github.com/OpenVPN/openvpn/blob/release/__RELEASE_CYCLE__/ChangeLog
releaseDateColumn: true

auto:
  methods:
  -   git: https://github.com/OpenVPN/openvpn.git

identifiers:
  - repology: openvpn

> releases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# releaseDate and eol https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions
releases:
```

-   releaseCycle: "2.6"
    releaseDate: 2023-01-25
    eol: false

>     latest: "2.6.0"
>     latestReleaseDate: 2023-01-25

Reviewer: https://github.com/OpenVPN/openvpn/releases/tag/v2.6.12
```suggestion
    latest: "2.6.12"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-07-18
```

-   releaseCycle: "2.5"
    releaseDate: 2020-10-27
    eol: false

>     latest: "2.5.10"
>     latestReleaseDate: 2024-03-21

Reviewer: https://github.com/OpenVPN/openvpn/releases/tag/v2.5.11
```suggestion
    latest: "2.5.11"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-07-18
```

-   releaseCycle: "2.4"
    releaseDate: 2016-12-16

>     eol: true

Reviewer: https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions
```suggestion
    eol: 2023-03-31
```

    latest: "2.4.12"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-03-17

-   releaseCycle: "2.3"
    releaseDate: 2013-01-02

>     eol: true

Reviewer: https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions
```suggestion
    eol: 2021-06-30
```

    latest: "2.3.18"
    latestReleaseDate: 2017-09-25

-   releaseCycle: "2.2"
    releaseDate: 2011-04-21

>     eol: true

Reviewer: https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions
```suggestion
    eol: 2015-11-30
```

    latest: "2.2.3"
    latestReleaseDate: 2014-11-30

-   releaseCycle: "2.1"
    releaseDate: 2009-12-11

>     eol: true

Reviewer: https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions
```suggestion
    eol: 2011-11-30
```

    latest: "2.1.4"
    latestReleaseDate: 2010-11-04

---

> [OpenVPN](https://openvpn.net/) is a widely used virtual private networking system.

OpenVPN Community Edition aka OpenVPN is a GPLv2 server and client.
OpenVPN Access Server (OpenVPN-AS) provides additional paid and proprietary features.

> There is a strict dependency on [OpenSSL](https://endoflife.date/openssl) which is defined at the bottom of their version table page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a strict dependency on [OpenSSL](https://endoflife.date/openssl) which is documented at [Suppported OpenSSL versions](https://community.openvpn.net/openvpn/wiki/SupportedVersions#SuppportedOpenSSLversions).
```
